- ♪ Motherfucking wizards
never die ♪
- Cool.
- Yeah, we look cool.
- Yeah, it looks very magical.
- What are you doing?
:BR§
- It's work.
- Nothing.
- Why would we even be
doing anything?
- I thought you were
watching porn or whatever.
- Wow.
- Ew. What?
Like naked stuff?
Like butts?
- Oh, you thought
we were gonna watch,
like, a dude gaping out a woman
with his penis.
You're disgusting.
- Ew.
- Alice is a freak.
- [laughs]
- It's not porno, okay?
It's a video that we made
for our rap group
called "The Wizards."
- Sounds lame.
But you guys
do know how to edit, huh?
- Yeah.
We're not old people, so...
- All right.
Here's the deal.
TAC needs
a new orientation video,
and this company is, like,
raping me on the price,
but if you guys could do it
for less-
- We'll do it
for three stacks.
- What is that?
[laughter]
- You don't even know stacks?
Oh, my-
There's a generational gap here.
Blake,
tell her what stacks are.
- Well, I used to subscribe
to The Source, so, um,
Dr. Dre once said,
"Stack is a, like, $50-$500."
So stacks-
- So three stacks would be...
- Yeah.
- You know...
- I'll give you 300 bucks
or zilch.
- That's cool.
- Okay, great.
I'll email you the script.
- Great. Cool.
- Dude...
- An email. Nice!
- This is gonna be fun.
- Hey, stack of cash.
Great. All right!
- Stack.
- Let's watch that other video.
- Yeah.
- The other video.
- Here we go.
- Ooh, man.
It's like
she's playing jazz music
with that gentleman's penis.
- Yeah.
♪ Jazz 'ya-'ya-'yazz
'ya-'ya-'yazz a'
- Why do they call that dude
The Scatman?
[plopping]
Ew!
all: Oh!
[beatboxing]
I!'
- ♪ I'm fresh ♪
- ♪ You gotta, you gotta,
you gotta, gotta ♪
- ♪ Gotta be fresh ♪
- This is incredible.
Lookit-
The script says the word
"synergy," like, 11 times.
- Synergy.
What is that, like,
the devil's energy drink?
- Aw.
- [laughs] Yeah!
That was good, right?
- I didn't like it.
- Also, Ders, could you
back the fuck up
with those cam glasses?
- First of all,
they're called "SpyFocals."
Second of all,
these bad boys
are going
to change the way
people see movies.
Finally, the audience will be
able to see what man sees!
How man sees, you know?
- All right, all right.
- Cool.
- Easy, Jim Cameron.
- Yeah.
- I'm pretty sure they already
used that POV style in porno.
Street blowjobs.
You've seen it. We've seen it.
We've watched it together.
- I love it.
- Hey! You guys said you
needed lighting for your movie,
so I brought a lava, strobe,
black light.
- Oh.
- Hell, yeah.
- None of those sound
very helpful.
- SpyFocals?
- Yeah.
- Oh, my God,
you guys are shooting
pov pornog, huh?
- N01
- That's what
we were just saying.
- No, no. Don't tell me.
I love surprises.
- Okay.
- I shouldn't have to say this.
We're not filming a porno.
- Well, we might have to,
because I don't want
to shoot Alice's dumb,
stupid script.
- It's really dumb.
It's really stupid.
I think we should do
our own original idea, man.
- Okay, yes. No.
We're gonna do our movie.
Not Alice's. Not a porno.
- Okay, well-
- But we're gonna take it
to TAC.
People will be like,
"Oh, my God.
You guys made that?"
And we'll be like,
"Yeah, stupid."
Next step, Sundance!
- Whoa!
- Ooh.
- Where chicks ski down
mountains with their boobs out.
True story.
- That's a real thing
that happens.
- At Sundance.
- I heard Sandra Bullock
got carpal tunnel syndrome
from ski-poling
the Coen brothers.
- Yeah.
- Yeah. That's-You know,
you know that action.
Like...
- Sundance.
- Yeah. Cool three-way.
- That's at Sundance.
That's cool that it's, like,
a film festival.
- Yeah.
- I always thought it was, like,
a dance that you took
your mom to,
and I did that.
I've already been there.
I've done that.
Junior prom.
My mom gets low, dude.
- She's got a body on her.
- My mom's body fucking rules.
- Yeah.
- So it's two best friends,
and one has been
wrongly imprisoned.
- Ooh.
- But the movie is really
about the wife banging
all the friends-
And that is another porno!
Dang it!
- Look, we just gotta think
of something that stands out-
A story about people.
- Like, what about, like,
a documentary?
- Like Super Size Me.
- You saw Super Size Me?
- Oh, no. Mm-mm.
But when that movie came out,
they canceled supersizing,
so I started getting a
number one and chicken selects.
But when they went back
to supersizing, so did I.
And now my body was addicted
to the selects,
therefore transforming
my tight, slender, taut bod
into this monstrosity!
Just want to rip you off!
Want to rip you off!
You stupid fat!
- Stop, man!
You're gonna bruise it again.
You know that.
Stop.
- I hate myself.
I hate myself and my body,
but...
I think that this can reverse
the effects, right?
Okay? And it can be about health
foods that dudes like to eat,
such as hot dogs.
- We could call it
a "dog-umentary."
[laughs]
- Exactly.
They have all the carrots
inside of them
that the cows ate,
making them super,
ultra nutritious, right?
- They're made
from cow buttholes.
- I will eat 1,000 hot dogs
in one week,
finally answering
the question,
"Are hot dogs as healthy
as they say,
or are they just okay
for you?"
- Nope.
- No. Sounds stupid.
Dumb.
An hour of that?
- Oh, Blake.
That sounds stupid?
How about we do a documentary
about your tiny-ass dick?
- Oh!
- Hey, man. Come on, dude.
Don't take it personal.
- It is wildly small, though.
- Stop, man.
- That's not a bad idea.
No, it's crazy small.
How have you gone your entire
life with such a small penis?
That's a story.
- Yeah. That's a good question.
- Like, you're a survivor.
- No, no, no, okay? No.
- Boom! Size Does Matter.
- Size Does Matter.
- Karl wants to cut
his dick off.
- Huh?
' Hmm?
- What?
- Yep.
We got really drunk last week,
and he told me that.
I'm sorry, Karl.
- Uh, Karl.
Your boy's saying that you want
to cut off your penis.
- I mean, for 25 years,
I've been a slave to my peen.
It rules over my brain
and makes me do dumb stuff.
All I can think about
every day
is what time's my next cum,
and to tell you the truth,
I'm sick of it.
I'm sick of living cum to cum,
so, yeah, guys.
I mean, I want it gone!
I want my cock gone!
- You're 25?
- You look 45.
- Yeah.
You look horrible.
- Really?
- So if you really
wanna go through
with this surgery, Karl,
this could be
an amazing documentary,
and if I can, I would love
to help in any way.
- Really'?
- I feel we should really go
for the 1,000 hot dog idea
that I have,
'cause it's smart, uh,
it's real, it's educational.
- I mean, if it'll help you
that much, I'll do it.
This is exactly
the spark I needed.
I'm gonna cut my dick off.
- No. You can't just
cut your dick off.
It's not just a...
a wart.
- Whoa, whoa, hey, hey,
whoa, whoa, whoa!
Why not, man?
I mean, it's Karl's dick.
You don't get to choose
what he does with it.
- Thank you, Blake.
- It's his dick.
- Okay.
When you're born a bro,
you're a bro for life.
I'm bro-life,
and I'm sick
of you bro-choice guys.
- Okay, just sh-
We'll make both movies, okay?
How about that?
- Well, in that case,
yeah, boy!
- Yeah.
Hey, Karl.
Whoa. Whoa, whoa, whoa.
Hey, man.
I am so sorry about,
you know,
telling those guys that
you wanted to chop off your hog.
Kind of threw you
under the bus there.
Threw your dick under the bus.
- Dude, it's all good.
We're gonna make a movie.
- What are you gonna do
with it
after you, you know,
slice it off?
- I don't know, man.
I mean, I guess
I'll just barbecue it up
and feed it to my dogs.
- Okay. Yeah.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Yeah, but, uh, what if,
um...
[laughs]
You know, let me know
if this is too weird.
You know, "Hey, Blake,
go back to daydream world
with that idea," uh...
- [laughs]
Blake...
you can have my dick.
- You're serious?
- I'm so serious.
[both laughing]
- I'm gonna get a new dick!
- Yeah.
Gonna get a new dick.
- I want that one!
I want it!
- [laughing] It's yours.
- I want it now!
I wish I could have it now-
- Oh, no, no, no.
Keep going.
_ Uh_
- I'm telling you.
A dick swap between friends
is the new subject
of this documentary,
and we're gonna win a moon man.
- Are you recording?
- Oh, yeah.
[beatboxing]
- So let me just get this
straight, though.
We're gonna chop off
Karl's knob,
and we're gonna attach it
to Blake's mound.
- Yup.
- Friend of the year over here.
- Seems insane, right?
- I'm in.
It sounds fun.
- Hey, Doc.
Why don't we, um,
just get a little background
on who you are?
And just talk to my face.
- Okay.
I'm widely considered by me
to be
the only sex-change expert
in all of Rancho Cucamonga.
- Yup.
- I've got some pretty
high-profile clientele,
including, but not limited to,
the stuntwomen
item Rizzoli & Isles.
- Oh!
- Wow.
- Let me check
my schedule here.
Okay. You know what?
You guys lucked out.
Looks like I got a-
an opening next Friday.
- Well, Friday after work-
That works for me.
- Yeah.
- Friday? That's hecka soon.
- Okay, Doc.
I'm about to be wildly famous
for eating 1,000 hot dogs
in one week.
- That sounds highly dangerous.
- Highly dangerous.
Everybody keeps talking about
how highly dangerous it is!
- Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa!
- Adam!
- What is it?
- I'm out of here, man.
I'm out of here, man!
- I'm sorry about-
- Hey, guys, just kidding.
It's ketchup.
I put ketchup in here.
[laughs]
- Oh-ho-ho-ho!
Yeah.
Wow. You can't buy
that kind of adrenaline.
That guy really gave me a gift
right there.
- Oh!
- Oh, dang it.
- I'm so sorry.
[laughs]
_ Hey.
- HEY-
Um, you dropped this.
Did you-
[both laugh]
Oh! Wow.
You've really got
something there.
- You really got
something there with...
that body, girl.
[both laughing]
- What?
- I don't know.
Does Friday seem
a little bit too soon?
Maybe we should get some other,
like, opinions or whatnot.
That dude seemed a-
just a little bit shady.
- Karl, are you kidding me?
The guy is a pro,
plus the camera loves him.
- For real?
- No, he seemed drunk to me.
- All right.
- You see
that hot assistant chick?
She was totally
into my raw dogging.
- She was hot.
- Not condom-less sex.
I mean, like, me physically
eating raw hot dogs.
- Right.
- All that hot dog mud.
Need to reload-
My God!
It's a Christmas miracle!
It's all working out, Ders!
Ooh, this doc
is all working out.
Roll the glasses, baby.
- Adam. Shut up on set.
Karl!
Get back here, man.
We got you a new scene.
- What do you mean,
"Shut up on set"?
- We got another scene.
Come on!
- There's a hot dog stand
right here.
This is like a-lt's a-
it's a miracle.
What are we do-Okay.
Yeah.
Follow the dick-less loser.
All right. Sure.
- I'm gonna go low.
You guys just walk in.
- Okay.
- What is this place?
- Whoo!
It is a dog-eat-dog world,
baby.
How much for all your dogs?
Half stack, quarter stack'?
What we talking stack-wise?
- What the hell's a stack'?
- What is a stack'?
It's like, um-Blake?
- You're joining us now at
the Na San Thai Massage Parlor,
where our friend Karl
is going to get-
Come on.
Going to get his final hand job.
Let's see how he's doing.
Psst
Hey,buddy
Hey. How are you?
- Good.
She's gonna jack me off.
- That's awesome.
- Yes. It's extra to watch.
- No, we're good.
- Yes. You pay extra.
- That's just-That's bizarre.
- There's my guy.
- Mmm, slurping it down,
my baby.
Line me up.
Four more doggies.
Naked, no bun.
Let's do this.
- You just ate four.
- I've eaten 97.
You're gonna see me
enter the century club.
- That's not healthy for you,
kid.
- Okay, you know-
That's-
You're a hot dog vendor, man.
You should be,
like, on my side.
Hot dogs are healthy, okay?
Just 'cause, like, cows,
they eat carrots,
and I eat hot dogs,
therefore I'm gonna have
the type of eyes
that eagles have!
And you're out of ketchup.
Jeez, man!
Learn how to run a business.
Luckily, I brought my own.
- Take what you want.
Take whatever you want!
- I mean,
it's like nobody respects
the healing power
of hot dogs!
- Wh-What-What specifically
are you going to do
with your juicy new dong?
- Definitely wash it every day
with Caress Daily Silky
body wash...
- [mouthing words]
- And, uh...
yeah, and a loofah probably.
- Mm-hmm.
- Which has always been
a dream of mine, but, you know,
it just would get kind of lost
in the bubbles.
- [moaning]
- Oh, it sounds like
our good friend Karl is about
to bust his last final nut.
- That was quick.
- Why don't we join him-
- Hey, um, I'm sorry.
I don't mean to eavesdrop,
but I could have swore
I heard you say something
about washing my penis
with something called a loofah?
- Yes, and Caress Daily Silky
body wash.
- Nice, nice.
- Silky, yes.
- Oh-Oh, okay.
Now, see, Blake,
that's where we're thinking
a little different.
You know,
you can't wash my penis.
It's never been washed.
It doesn't respond well
to soap and water, all right?
It's very well seasoned,
like a cast-iron pan.
If anything, you just put
a moist towel on it
and then hit it
with a lot of sand.
- Oh, no.
I'm-l'd never do that.
I'm not washing m-my dick
with sand.
- No! You're gonna wash
my dick with some sand.
- Right, but we're talking
about the future now
when it's on my body,
so it's my dick.
- Oh, I'm sorry.
It's still on my body, Blake.
- Is everything okay?
- Jodi, back off!
All right?
He's gonna ruin my dick!
He's gonna wash it without sand!
- It's not his dick.
It's my dick!
Jodi, what'd you do back there?
Pull his brains
out of his ass?
- Oh, no.
It's extra!
- Jodi, stay out of it!
[R&B music]
I!'
- ♪ I've ♪
♪ Been lookin' for ♪
♪ A lover, baby ♪
♪ Just like you ♪
♪ Nowl ♪
- Ders, you got to film this!
Hang on one second.
Ders!
- Oh, really?
Well, why don't you tell me
how you're gonna self-sex
yourself then?
- I'm probably gonna
cut a little hole
in a seedless watermelon,
microwave it for 30 seconds,
and fuck the shit
out of it!
- You don't bang fruit!
That's not gonna-
- Ders, Ders, Ders, Ders!
- Ow.
- I need the SpyFocals out here.
Oh, my God,
I'm out there
just gobbling dogs
like a champ, right,
and then that hot assistant-
- Adam, stop!
I'm not filming you anymore,
okay?
This is the movie.
Your movie sucks.
This movie's rad.
I'm filming them.
I got some tension building,
so just sit down or something.
[siren wails]
- Uh-oh. Not a real gun.
Do you have an exit in the back?
[beatboxing]
- Hey, guys.
I'm sorry about that back there.
I've been thinking
about it a lot,
and I would like to be part of
this half of the film as well.
I did some research online,
and I kind of want to show you
how the surgery's gonna go
through a visual demonstration
that I'm gonna show the both
of you for the documentary.
- Cool.
- All right. Okay.
Adam's on board.
- All right!
- This is great, man.
- I'm part of the team now.
- I'm gonna roll on this.
_ okay-
- okay-
- This is you right here,
and I gave you a big 0l' penis.
- [laughs]
- I gave you a big one,
and here's what you're gonna
want to hope happens.
One quick snip,
and your penis is off,
and then-and then
you put it on Blake,
but that's not usually
what happens.
What's going to happen,
more than likely,
'cause I've done my research-
The doctor's drunk, right?
He comes in.
He's just like,
"Let me get a little-"
Oh, gosh. Oh!
And he's slipping,
and the anesthesia
hasn't kicked in fully.
- Oh, my-
- So you're feeling it all,
and he's like,
"Oh, no! What's happening?"
And inside your brain's
just going, "Oh, God!
"He's cutting my penis!
"Oh! He slit the side of it!
Oh, it's all n-"
Now the doctofs freaking out,
right?
The doctor's freaking out.
"I got to hide the evidence!"
- Oh, no. No.
- No, it's not gonna get-
You-He's-
Don't listen to him.
- Your dick gonna get chewed.
- Hey!
Hey! Don't you dare listen
to this bro-life propaganda.
- I don't know, that could
happen. I did my research.
- It's poppycock
is what it is.
- I don't even know.
I don't know anymore.
I mean, I-l don't even know
if I'm bro-choice, dude.
- You can't back out now, man!
All right?
I've already made so many plans
with the new penis, all right?
I've already got an appointment
over at Sears.
I'm gonna take some very,
very tasteful nudes,
and I don't want to jinx it,
but they might be
our Christmas card.
You got a choice to make.
You either keep your dick,
or you keep your friend.
- You pick your dick.
- I don't know.
How am I
supposed to decide that?
- Think about it!
- You make-
What?
- Keep your dick.
- Karl, here's $100
from our budget,
if you do it.
- Oh, hell, yeah.
- Thank you.
- That's great.
$100.
Have you ever seen this amount
of money in your life?
- Best of luck in there, pal.
- Thank you, Ders.
Thank you.
- No. Thank you, Karl.
I can't wait to have
your dick.
- You're gonna love it.
- First day of the rest
of my life.
- Okay.
So you know that I don't
support this in any way, right?
- Yeah.
- But I really hope
you don't die in there, man.
- Thank you, Adam.
I'd like to get hard
for one last time.
- Yeah.
- Makes sense.
All right, boys.
Let's give him a little space.
- Mom from Home Improvement.
Mother from Home Improvement.
Oh, she's so freakin' hot.
Oh.
- Wow. How mow.
- Jill Taylor.
She'll chub ya.
- Hidy ho, patients!
Karl, you're fully prepped.
Let's get you into surgery.
_ okay-
Dead dick walking!
- You can back out now!
- It's gonna be yours.
- I'll be right back.
- Okay.
- ♪ I've ♪
[both laughing]
♪ Been lookin' for a lover ♪
- [shrill laugh]
Oh, my God!
I can't believe
this is happening.
This is real life right now.
Oh, I'm so glad you're here.
- I go everywhere
Dr. Johnson goes.
- Ah, well, how about we go
where my Dr. Johnson is?
- [laughs]
- In my boxer briefs,
except for I'm not wearing any
right now,
'cause I'm out of detergent,
so I didn't even do
any laundry.
- God, as soon as I met you,
I knew we were gonna be sucking
each other's dicks.
- Totally.
Oh, wait.
Oh, hold on.
Wait.
Sucking each other's. . .
- I-I'm one
of Dr. Johnson's patients
as well as his assistant.
I'm female to male transgender,
so I haven't gotten my boobs
removed yet,
but downstairs,
it's New Dick City.
- Yeah!
New Dick-New Dick City?
- Yeah.
- Yeah. New Jack City.
I love that movie,
but I don't know
if I would see New Dick City
as a film.
I don't know if that's
up my alley 'cause, you know,
I'm not into-
I'm not into dudes.
- Oh, the way you were eating
those hot dogs, I just-
- There's a homosexual way
to eat hot dogs.
Yeah. I didn't know that.
I just thought it was, like...
- Wow.
- Just trying to protein-load.
- Yeah, I really thought
you were into me.
- I'm into you.
Like, as a-as a bro.
We are bros.
We are friends.
- Okay.
- Since these are going away,
you mind if I just get a-
just a bro-bro squeeze?
- Bro, go for it, bro.
- As a dude.
- Mm-hmm.
- As a bro thing.
- Totally.
- It's a bro thing. Wow!
- Yeah.
- Those are squishier
than I remember.
- Yeah. They're squishy.
- Yeah.
It's been a while
since I've jiggled one.
- Dude, check this out.
I'm editing the scene
right now
that's going to get us
into Sundance.
- Awesome. Awesome.
Yeah, yeah.
I mean, I already have
my threesome picked out.
Uh, Joseph Gordon-Levitt...
- Nice.
- Olivia Munn...
- Awesome.
- And Manny Pacquiao.
- Wait, that's three people.
What are-Where are you?
- Oh, I watch.
- My man.
All right.
Why don't you watch this?
I'm telling you,
it's awesome.
- You're such a great penis,
but I promised you to my braj.
And don't you give him
no lip now, okay?
Wave to your daddy now.
[Crying]
Point to your daddy now.
Now just go on, now!
Get!
Just go on, now, get.
[dramatic music]
I!'
- ♪ I'm cuttin' my dick off ♪
- Wait!
Don't cut this man's dick off.
- Well,
I was halfway through,
butlguess
I could sew it back on.
- Yeah.
Do that.
- Ladies,
let's turn this train around.
Give me a set of tweezers.
Let's reattach
this man's shaft.
Luckily he had a muscle tissue
of a howler monkey.
[beatboxing]
[heart monitor beeping]
- Hey. Huh?
Is it done?
- Well, why don't you go ahead
and touch
your crotch-less wasteland?
- No. What have I done?
What did I do?
- Hey, buddy.
It's okay.
Just go ahead
and reach down
and grab your groin.
- No. I'm not touching it.
I'm not touching it!
- Trust us.
- I still have my boy muscle?
- You still have
your boy muscle.
- That's fucking sick.
But, Blake,
what about your baby penis?
- You know, all you guys,
you like me for me,
and I'm sure I'll find a girl
out there
who likes what I have.
You know, she'll probably have
a tiny little pussy.
[laughs]
Not a baby.
- Ew. Yeah.
That's what I was thinking.
- He was.
He was.
And then he caught himself.
- No. I wouldn't do that.
- Of course not.
That's illegal.
- Also, I'd like to make
an announcement.
I'm bro-choice.
- Get out of here.
What? Why come?
- Why come not?
Who cares?
Shut up.
Get off my back.
- Okay.
- I'm just bummed now
that we don't get to, like,
do our documentary.
- Well, I mean, we have to give
Alice something.
Might as well film her script.
- And remember.
- When you're here...
all: You're family!
- You didn't totally blow it.
- Thank you. I think we did
a pretty good job,
but there is a part
we left in at the end
that I want to just turn it off
before we get there.
- No. We're gonna watch
the whole thing.
- No, I-
- So I finally jerked off
for the first time
since the surgery,
and the ejac just came
out of the side stitches.
It looked so cool.
I've got to show it to you.
- What?
- What the-
- Our bad.
- Nice!
[dog snorts]
[Party horn blows]
- Where'd my nuts go?
- They're there.
- Tim Burton film.
- [9398]
- Whoa.
- I don't wanna suck it.
- [laughs] I didn't ask you
to suck it.
- Did I say-
[laughs]